Updates routes for port mapping (#1394)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/routes/from.mdx

## Summary

> The **From** route is the externally accessible URL for a proxied HTTP request.

Reviewer: I don't think we should use the phrase "From route." A route must have both a from URL and a to URL. There aren't "from routes" or "to routes".

Author: So a "route" consists of a From and To URL. I agree here. I thought it made sense to distinguish which one of these we're referring to. "From route" could be "From URL".

Specifying `tcp+https` for the scheme enables [TCP proxying](/docs/capabilities/tcp/) support for the route. You may map more than one port through the same hostname by specifying a different `:port` in the URL.

## How to configure

The From URL must contain a **scheme** and **hostname**. It can't contain a path.

> ### Port mapping behavior

Reviewer: I think we might want to stick with the phrase "port matching" here. According to wikipedia ["port mapping"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_mapping) has a meaning in the context of NAT, which is something unrelated.

Author: Done.

> In v0.26, we've updated the default route matching behavior so that From routes defined _without_ a specific port in the route URL will match a request on any port.

Reviewer: Likewise here, let's be precise with our terminology: "from route" doesn't make sense to me, and neither does "route URL" (there are two URLs, the From URL and the To URL).

I also think it might make sense to describe the behavior fully up front, and then proceed with the examples.

```suggestion
In v0.26, we've updated the route matching behavior. If you do not specify a port number in a route's From URL, the route will match incoming requests with any port number (or no port number). If you do specify a port number, that route will match only requests containing that specific port number.
```

:::note

> You can disable this behavior with the [**Match Any Incoming Port**](/docs/reference/runtime-flags) runtime flag.

Reviewer: I'd suggest moving this to the bottom of the section, so it doesn't interrupt the explanation + examples.

Author: Done.

:::

With a From route like the one below:

```yaml
from: https://www.example.com
```

Pomerium will match incoming requests on any port:

```yaml
https://www.example.com

https://www.example.com:443

https://www.example.com:8443

https://www.example.com:3000
```

If you specify the port in the From URL, Pomerium will only match incoming requests that specify this port:

```yaml
from: https://www.example.com:8443
```

:::note

> When defining a From route, you must use `https` or `tcp+https`. Pomerium only supports secure schemes.

Reviewer: I'd suggest moving this note up, so it stays together with the sentence "The From URL must contain a scheme and hostname".

Or, it might make sense to remove the `:::note` callout and add this directly to that paragraph:

> The From URL must contain a **scheme** and **hostname**. It can't contain a path. The scheme must be `https` or `tcp+https`.

:::

<Tabs>

> <TabItem value="zero" label="Zero">

Reviewer: I think if we keep this change in a separate PR it may make things easier when cutting the v0.26 docs site branch.

Author: Agreed. I'll remove and add in a separate PR.

## Summary

**From** is the externally accessible URL for the proxied request.

> Specifying `tcp+https` for the scheme enables [TCP proxying](/docs/capabilities/tcp/) support for the route. You may map more than one port through the same hostname by specifying a different `:port` in the URL.

Reviewer 2: TCP routes were not changed.
